spec: mapping: define Logical Source cardinality (#84)
kg-construct/rml-core: spec/docs/mapping.md

A [=triples map=] is represented by a resource that references the following other resources:

> * It SHOULD have exactly one [=logical source=] (`rml:logicalSource`) property. It MAY have not a [=logical source=] if all its [=term map=] are [=constant-valued term maps=].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* It MUST have zero or one [=logical source=] (`rml:logicalSource`) property.  The [=logical source=] property MAY only be omitted if all of the [=term maps=] of the [=triples map=] are [=constant-valued term maps=].
```
